HTML Tags You Can Use on GitHub
===============================

Wherever HTML is rendered on GitHub (gists, README files in repos, comments on issues and pull requests, ...) you can use any of the HTML elements that [GitHub Flavored Markdown](https://github.github.com/gfm/) (GFM) provides syntactic sugar for. You can either use the syntactic sugar that GFM (or other [GitHub-supported markup language](https://github.com/github/markup#markups) you're using) provides or, since [Markdown can contain raw HTML](https://github.github.com/gfm/#raw-html), you can enter the HTML tags manually.

But GitHub also allows you to use a few HTML elements beyond what Markdown provides by entering the tags manually, and some of them are styled with CSS. Most raw HTML tags get stripped before rendering the HTML. Those tags that can be generated by GFM syntactic sugar, plus a few more, are whitelisted. These aren't documented anywhere that I can find. Here's what I've discovered so far:

## `<details>` and `<summary>`

A `<details>` element with a `<summary>` inside it can be used to [create a disclosure widget](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/details), and you can add the `open` attribute to the `<details>` element if you want it to already be open on page load:

<details open>
  <summary>This is the summary</summary>
  <p>And here are the details:</p>
  <ol>
    <li>Cash on hand: $500.00</li>
    <li>Current invoice: $75.30</li>
    <li>Due date: 5/6/19</li>
  </ol>
</details>

## `<kbd>` and `<samp>`

Sample or quoted output from a computer program using `<samp>`: <samp>sample output</samp>.

User input with `<kbd>`: <kbd>help mycommand</kbd>.

Tip: multiple keystrokes as part of a single input like <kbd><kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>c</kbd></kbd> should be represent with nested `<kbd>`'s. The <code>Ctrl</code> is wrapped in its own `<kbd>`, the `+` _doesn't_ get its own `<kbd>`, then the `c` gets its own `<kbd>`: `<kbd><kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>c</kbd>`. Results in: <kbd><kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>c</kbd>

You can also nest `<samp>`'s inside `<kbd>`'s to represent text presented by the system which is then used for some user input. With GitHub's CSS these look the same as `<kbd>`'s nested inside `<kbd>`'s. For example: the <kbd><samp>OK</samp></kbd> button (`<kbd><samp>OK</samp></kbd>`).

If clicking multiple buttons (or menu items, etc) as part of a single input, you need `<kbd>`'s nested inside `<kbd>`'s to represent the multiple parts to a single input, same as with multiple keystrokes. But then you _also_ nest `<samp>`'s inside the leaf `<kbd>`'s to represent that it's clicking on things presented by the program rather than just keystrokes. Example: <kbd><kbd><samp>File</samp></kbd>⇒<kbd><samp>New Document</samp></kbd></kbd> (`<kbd><kbd><samp>File</samp></kbd>⇒<kbd><samp>New Document</samp></kbd></kbd>`).

A `<kbd>` inside a `<samp>` represents output from a computer program, but when the program was echoing back some previous input from the user! Not styled any differently by GitHub: <samp><kbd>git add my-new-file.cpp</kbd></samp>. Another example of this from MDN is <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/samp">showing the output of a terminal session</a> as a `<samp>` inside a `<pre>`, and with the user-entered parts wrapped in `<kbd>`'s inside the `<samp>`. This ends up styled a little oddly on GitHub but it does make sense (also note the use of Unicode █ as the cursor):

<pre><samp>mike@interwebz:~$ <kbd>md5 -s "Hello world"</kbd>
MD5 ("Hello world") = 3e25960a79dbc69b674cd4ec67a72c62

mike@interwebz:~$ █</samp></pre>

## `<sub>` and `<sup>`

Subscripts<sub>sub</sub> and superscripts<sup>sup</sup> with `<sub>` and `<sup>`.

## Footnotes

You can use `<sup>` to create linked footnotes.<sup id="backToMyFootnote"><a href="#myFootnote">1</a></sup>

## `<ins>` and `<del>`

Inserted text with `<ins>`: <ins>inserted</ins> and deleted text with `<del>`: <del>deleted</del>. These can both have the `cite` attribute.

## `<var>`

Variables with `<var>`: <var>myVariable</var>.

## `<q>`

Inline quotes with `<q>` get curly quotation marks around them: <q>inline quote</q>. You can also use the `cite` attribute on them. You can use `cite` on a `<blockquote>` too, if you enter the `<blockquote>` manually.

## Definition lists (`<dl>`, `<dt>` and `<dd>`)

<dl>
  <dt>Publisher</dt>
  <dd>CNN and others</dd>
  <dt>Community admin</dt>
  <dd>Admins of Climate Feedback, Public Editors, etc</dd>
  <dt>Hypothesis admin</dt>
  <dt>Hypothesis developer</dt>
</dl>

## `<ruby>`, `<rt>` and `<rp>`

`<ruby>`, `<rt>` and `<rp>` can be used for [showing pronunciation of East Asian characters](http://html5doctor.com/ruby-rt-rp-element/). Example:

<ruby>
  漢 <rp>(</rp><rt>Kan</rt><rp>)</rp>
  字 <rp>(</rp><rt>ji</rt><rp>)</rp>
</ruby>

## `<div>`
  
`<div>` is also allowed, along with the `itemscope` and `itemtype` attributes for [defining microdata](http://html5doctor.com/microdata/):

<div itemscope itemtype ="http://schema.org/Movie">
  <h6 itemprop="name">Avatar</h6>
  <span>Director: <span itemprop="director">James Cameron</span> (born August 16, 1954)</span>
  <span itemprop="genre">Science fiction</span>
  <a href="https://youtu.be/0AY1XIkX7bY" itemprop="trailer">Trailer</a>
</div>

## HTML Entities

An `&` gets changed into `&amp;` and `<` and `>` get changed into `&lt;` and `&gt;`.
You can also enter HTML entities like `&copy;` and `&pound;` directly:
&copy;, &pound;, &sect;, &para;, &larr;, &rarr;, &hearts;.

## Unicode Characters

You can paste unicode characters directly and they'll be rendered. Here's a few: ⌘ ⌥ ❄ ★ ☂ 🍔 🤷 📚 🎒 ✋ 👓 🐅.

## Emoji

You can type emoji `:shortcode:`'s like `:shipit:` into the Markdown source and get an emoji like :shipit:. See the [Emoji Cheat Sheet](https://www.webfx.com/tools/emoji-cheat-sheet/) for the full list of emoji `:shortcode:`'s that you can use.

## References

* [GitHub's HTML sanitization code](https://github.com/jch/html-pipeline/blob/master/lib/html/pipeline/sanitization_filter.rb#L44-L106)
* A [GitHub issue](https://github.com/github/markup/issues/245) about this

## Footnotes

<ol>
  <li id="myFootnote">
    <p>
      Since you need an <code>id</code> attribute on both the footnote and on the footnote reference (to enable the footnote to contain a link <em>back</em> to the reference) I think they both need to be done in raw HTML. I don't think there's any Markdown syntax for this. See the <a href="https://gist.githubusercontent.com/seanh/13a93686bf4c2cb16e658b3cf96807f2/raw/04f35dd73445897827592a155c193976bfb756b8/Testing.markdown">source code of this file</a> for how it's done.
      <a href="#backToMyFootnote" title="Jump back to footnote 1 in the text.">↩︎</a>    
    </p>
  </li>
</ol>
---
Here is a coding project I am working on.
It starts with the full structure of the project, then you will have each file title and file content.

For now, just understand the project completely.
I will ask for help in the next prompt so you can assist me with this project.